post.md, before:

Hey guys, I've been working on a build creator site for MHW in my spare time over the past couple of weeks, and it's finally at the point that I'm ready to share it and start getting some feedback. It's still far from complete, but it's at least starting to feel like it could be useful to some people.

http://www.mhw-builder.turkeytickle.com

All the item and skill data entry has been by far the most time consuming part, and it's still missing a ton of items, but most of the highest rarity level stuff should be there. Also, keep in mind that all the data there has been entered by hand using references from in-game, kirikano and the wiki so there's bound to be some mistakes - let me know if you notice any.

Missing features / To do in very rough priority order:
- Finish high rarity armor data entry - probably just rarity 6-8 for now.
- Show descriptions for all skill levels somewhere or at least the description for the active skill level based on the items you have equipped.
- Show weapon/armor decoration slots on the tooltip.
- Show bowgun deviation in tooltips and attack stat sheet.
- Weapon augments
- Armor augments/upgrading
- Kinsects and bowgun mods
- Improve item list search and filtering.
- Show effects of skills with element/ailment % increases on stat sheet. Flat increases are in, but I haven't had a chance to test how percentages apply yet. If you have info on how this works, please let me know.
- Implement element/ailment attack caps. Again, I'm not exactly sure how this works so let me know if you know. The info I've seen on it almost makes it seem like a weapon specific thing.
- Show more bonuses from skills such as stamina recovery, crit boost percentage, health/stamina boost, etc.
- Make things prettier.
- Probably lots of other things that I'm forgetting right now.

Commit message:

Added sharpness levels to all weapons and implemented handicraft effects

post.md, after:

Hey guys, I've been working on a build creator site for MHW in my spare time over the past few weeks, and it's finally at the point that I'm ready to share it and start getting some feedback. It's still far from complete, but it's at least starting to feel like it could be useful to some people.

http://www.mhw-builder.turkeytickle.com

All the item and skill data entry has been by far the most time consuming part, and it's still missing a ton of items, but most of the rarity 6-8 armor and end-of-tree weapons are there. Also, keep in mind that all the data there has been entered by hand using references from in-game, kirikano and the wiki so there's bound to be some mistakes - let me know if you notice any.

Missing features / To do in very rough priority order:
- Weapon augments
- Armor augments/upgrading
- Detailed bowgun stats
- Kinsects and bowgun mods
- Show more bonuses from skills such as stamina recovery, crit boost percentage, health/stamina boost, etc.
- Show more theoretical stat information.
- Finish high rank armor data entry.
- Make things prettier.
- Probably lots of other things that I'm forgetting right now.
